Overall Vision

A robust, modern, student-centered web app that combines course management, engagement, notifications, gamification, and a global anonymous space. Everything is highly interactive, mobile-friendly, and controlled with a clear hierarchy.


---

Roles

1. Top Admins (Executives)

I+ trusted peers.(we can be as many as possible)

Control Anonymous Hub (toggle ON/OFF, reset timer).

Promote Course Admins.(for each courses and can be as many as possible too)

Pin/unpin posts (global or course-level).(there should be a place for pinned post)

Access full analytics.



2. Course Admins

Assigned per course by Top Admins.

Manage course content: assignments, posts, deadlines.

Upload images, videos, notes.


very assignment has a deadline, they can decide to add an assignment, information that is what I put as post. and they can decide Maybe to add any Media to information or assignment)

3. Normal Users

Students/lecturers not in admin roles.

View courses, discussions, assignments all informations.

Post in discussions or Anonymous Hub (if ON).

Mark assignments as completed for personal tracking.





---

Main Sections / Tabs

1. Dashboard

Overview of courses, assignments, notifications, badges, and leaderboard.



2. Courses

Each course shows:

Course Title, Lecturer, Course Rep.

Assignments/projects with deadlines.

Notifications for new assignments/posts/updates.

Comments (identity shown), uploads (images/videos/notes).

Students can mark assignments as completed.




3. Discussions

Open discussion area.

Reactions, comments.

Badges & top 10 leaderboard.
here there identity is shown,



4. Anonymous Hub

Global, not tied to courses.

Posts (notes/images), reactions, comments.

Top Admin controlled (toggle/reset).



5. Pinned Posts

Tab showing all pinned posts.

Only Top Admins can pin/unpin.





---

Additional Features

Notifications: real-time for assignments, posts, extensions, reactions.

Gamification: badges, leaderboard, top contributors.

Filters & Search: by course, post type, deadlines, hashtags.

Analytics: engagement per course, top contributors, assignment tracking.

Extra: dark mode/themes,alerts,responsive/PWA, content previews.



---

💡 In short, it’s a full-fledged educational web app:

Engaging for students

Structured for course admins

Secure and fully controlled for Top Admins

Scalable for many courses, posts, and users




when students wants to sign up there will be a place for username, that will be there identity,
people can be banned by top admins.
there will be an export as pdf not visible to everyone oo only the admins.  so there are many admins for courses, and they can also be many admins that can manage everything about the webapp. those are the executives. I will be the first executive then I will promote others to my post.

we are going to be using vercel for the frontend, and supabase for all the database or authentication whatever.
let me explain how it will go, a supabase which is mine will be used for every part aside details or each courses, that is I want it to be like a decentralized.
each courses rep sends me there supabase details, and then I create a new course, for creating a new course it ask for a new database details. so for that course it will be using that database. so only the course reps have access to their database. 
after I create the course, and I will appoint the course rep to be the admin. the course rep can then add name and details of the course I don't care so this system makes me work less. 
the top admins, the executives can delete course, add course. 

for better appointing, maybe there will be a tab for the top executives for the people usernames that register so we can easily appoint from there for course admins
and hope u did not forget that we can create as many courses as we can.
and then my Ubuntu cloud for the runnings after supabase for database, vercel for frontend, the Ubuntu cloud will be for the stuffs.
Ubuntu cloud will be for the one that talks to all the supabase, vercel etc.
you should understand what I mean better

so one supabase details from me,  and many more that can be added the more courses are created.
pls In this I don't want to be disgraced for creating something that is not so good pls I need it perfectly no mistakes, that's my motto no mistakes.
whenever u want to create it make sure that whenever things we are installing in the Ubuntu I don't want to be seeing depreciated or can't install all of those stuffs pls no mistakes 💪
great error handling. no room for errors, do u love this plan.

lim thinking of adding something 
Footer (the bottom of the app)

This is the perfect spot for small, non-intrusive items:

Things you can include:

About / Contact info – “Built by students for students. Contact: [email]”

Links – School website, social media pages

Credits – “Powered by [Your Name/Team]”

Legal stuff – Privacy policy, terms of use (good habit even for small apps)
this is just an example though I can add what I want I can edit it.


now something just came to my mind, I the creator in the hierarchy, I can't be removed, I have right to do everything. the other excos have same authority as me, but can't remove me, remove my authority. but I can stripe others off their right.


pls just do everything perfectly I believe u now understand me. 
The name, big on the dashboard. which can be changed by me the creator and other executives just use "YCT ND1 computer science"
smartly.
u know for the supabase that I the top executive, the course reps. each of our database will be different, what we will create will be different. so u will give me the SQL  code I will run on the database for me, and for the course reps.
the details u will need for the databases.

before I forget, when u Finnish creating the codes and everything I will push everything to GitHub, so for the guide will be from gitclone.
I don't want anything to do with replict, replict is not free u can see that everything I said we will use are free, from supabase, vercel, Ubuntu. 
so I need it perfectly no errors and neatly.

the guide u will give me will be complete guide that even a newbie that knows nothing will follow, and will set everything working perfectly.

what things will u be needing from me?.
once u start building do not stop until the last of the last thing is achieved.

